hello since the end of welcome not yet
betting on fitness success the second
video of this saga of videos that we are
doing that is how to gain muscle step
step by step this second video we are going to talk
on the protein and not fundamental and
important that is to gain mass
muscle so I explain everything right now
we started
the proteins are based
they will add muscle because it's going to
accompany our body in new
creation of muscle tissue hormones and
enzymes
the amounts that we must take to
those who do a training of
hypertrophy force as is our case
but if we want to gain more muscle mass
then I recommend you take between 1.5
and 2 grams of protein per kilogram of
weight that you have in this way
example although ps for example 80
kilos then it should take about 160 grams
of proteins in your daily diet the
best proteins that they should take are
those that come for example from the chicken
of the turkey from the egg whites that
percent the proteins from the
egg are those with the greatest biological contribution
and then also for example salmon tuna
nuts face all those
proteins from these foods
and many more are the best quality
logically you have to take food
that although they give you a quantity
important protein give you a
very small amount of fat and over
all also of low carbohydrates
glycemic index that way along with
the amount of fat carbohydrates and
of calories that you take daily
conseguiréis gain muscle mass
cleaner way and not covering them less
with the least possible fat another factor
important to keep in mind at the time
of taking daily proteins is that
distribute them in quantities during
all day does not make much sense because
example that you take all the protein that
you have to take in a day in one or two
meals but it's better
throughout all of this way and
we will make the body maintain a state
anabolic for longer
truly fulfill their function and
can be used for anabolism is
necessary that the calories that we will take
daily go in proportion to the expense
caloric and that the proportion of
carbohydrates and fats is suitable for
that in this way proteins
really help us at the time of
build muscle non-tissue
Well, you're here in the second
Today's video of this video saga of
how to gain muscle step by step
I recommend that you do not miss the first
Video of this saga in which he spoke
about the calories needed to win
muscle mass and that I'm very attentive to
third video that we are going to do that is
about carbohydrates so we
we see in the following video subscribe
share the video and until next time